Mention new graphql ppx instead of old one (#119)
FormidableLabs/reason-urql: README.md

yarn add reason-urql bs-fetch
```

#### 2. Add `graphql_ppx_re`.

> This project uses [`graphql_ppx_re`](https://github.com/baransu/graphql_ppx_re) (which is based on [graphql_ppx](https://github.com/mhallin/graphql_ppx)) to type check your GraphQL queries, mutations, and subscriptions **at compile time**. You'll need to add it as a dev dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses [`graphql_ppx_re`](https://github.com/baransu/graphql_ppx_re) (which is based on [`graphql_ppx`](https://github.com/mhallin/graphql_ppx)) to type check your GraphQL queries, mutations, and subscriptions **at compile time**. You'll need to add it as a devDependency.
```
